hi guys I'm great with nerve works we're
here with the very famous blizzard of
Samwise sandwich how are you doing well
how are you good so you joined the
Connie good show yes it's my first time
here and it's pretty awesome I got to
leave work a little early 30 minutes
here I am all set up so you made a
blizzard for I was a 21 years about you
say it's 91 wow so you've been there a
long time so what's it like working for
them it's awesome I wouldn't be there
still if it wasn't awesome and you know
there's been a lot of change but there's
also been a lot of things that are the
same you know we got a lot of guys that
I've worked with almost my whole career
at blizzard still they're working on the
games having a blast a lot of new guys
coming in showing us old farts how to
how to do it faster and better so that
keeps us on our toes so all you guys out
there come on show us how it's done
let's go now when i get to the epic
panda because i've heard a blizzcon they
talk about you are like the origin of
the panda that's become this huge thing
in all the games basically hidden easter
eggs stuff like that kid how did that
come about just a strange fetish no I'm
just saying when my second daughter was
born I had done a picture for Christmas
it had a big kind of hairy panda guys
sitting on a hill that was me and a
small panda sitting on his shoulder and
she was like grasping about dragonflies
stuff like that well that was just a
Christmas picture I did for my family I
don't remember how it got into work but
they ended up making a background of it
you know for the back
and then people like that and then in
one time in April Fool's we said oh
here's our new race for warcraft three
people were so speculating what the new
races were and we made the pandaren with
all kinds of different characters and
backgrounds and it was April Fool but
everyone kind of liked it so the more
and more that we did stuff like that the
more it kind of crept inside the
blizzard lore like we had a character in
warcraft three Frozen Throne Chen storm
stout now you know in wow they had
Chen's empty keg as a quest and all
these sort of things and finally they
ended up being the the new race and the
expansion all from just a weird idea
that I had for a Christmas present it's
it's actually quite an honor to have
them in the game finally that's amazing
any advice you give it up to future
artists out there that want to break
into the video game scene i would i'm
talking to you guys now if you
specifically for Blizzard will say if
you want to get a job at blizzard I
would encourage you to do some fanart of
Blizzard stuff any of them any of the
franchise diablo starcraft were crap
we've met so many of our artists we've
hired so many just because we've seen
their fan art or we'd seen them you know
on the forums and stuff like that with a
link it's like who the hell is this guy
drawing starcraft better than me we must
get in and then i'll find out how he
does it and then i can do it no but uh
you know draw draw fanart if you're in
like a designer do stuff with our
starcraft map editor make make some Lots
make some games get them up there have
people playing them reviewing them
checking them out and seeing you know
listen to what they say all this games
great it sucks whatever I mean we look
at all the games out there we look at a
lot of the fan art we look at all the
fan sites so we're looking for you now
just show us what you got and you play
World of Warcraft or have time to I had
stopped playing probably I know six
months ago i'm up to never made 85 sorry
but
my words like an 83 and you know just
lately with starcraft all that crunch
and stuff hi we've been we've been
really trying to get the game out and
stuff so i'll be back though i'll be
seeing you guys in the battlegrounds
it's your favorite faction racing class
let's see I'm a fan of warrior all the
way any any faction I always play at
least I have one warrior I'm uh it's
tough because I'm very partial to the
Horde because they have orcs and
torrents and then I love the Alliance
because they have dwarves it's hard to
hard to choose so I think I would roll
probably horde most but I do have my
alliance characters so all the people
out there who say blizzard doesn't like
the Alliance that's wrong we do I just
don't have a level 80 to dwarf i only
have like a level 60 something for mi
awesome thank you for your time great
stuff we look forward to seeing more
from you in the future yep we'll be out
there
diablo just got it guys the date it's
coming out is the 15th of may get ready
for that hell is coming to Earth